Add section on phased rollouts for dynamic groups (#1955)
mendersoftware/mender-docs: 02.Overview/05.Deployment/docs.md

receive an update. Please also note that a device can only be in *one* static
group at the same time, while it can be in *multiple* dynamic groups.

### Phased rollouts and dynamic groups

> The calculation for the number of devices in a phases uses the total number of devices in the dynamic group during deployment creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The calculation for the number of devices in a phases uses the total number of devices in the dynamic group at the moment of deployment creation.
```

> The nature of deployments to a dynamic group is that the total number of devices receiving the update can change during the lifetime of the update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The nature of deployments to a dynamic group is that the total number of devices receiving the update can change during the lifetime of the deployment.
```

If the number of devices in a dynamic group changes during a phased rollout the original rollout calculation wont be recalculated.

> Instead the last phase will be expanded to contain all remaining device.

Reviewer: What happens if the number goes down? Maybe even to an extend that would run the last group into negative?

Author: > Maybe even to an extend that would run the last ~group~ phase into negative?

I assume you mean "phase" instead of group.
Distinction important for this conversation as there are:
* devices being a part of a dynamic group
* phase - which has a number of deployments that need to happen within it (unrelated to the exact devices which ask for as long as they originate from the dynamic group)

A follow up here though at least to my understanding.
There isn't such a thing as a negative number for the phases.
It is calculated at start and remains unchanged.

---

Good catch!
If it goes down I guess it would then all devices will be covered in a single phase and nothing will happen in the later phases.

@kjaskiewiczz 
Can you please confirm and I'll follow up with an update the docs.

Author: Updated

> !! The time when each device receives an update depends only on the time it contacts the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!! The exact time a specific device receives a deployed artifact is not determined by the server, but the concrete moment the device contacts the server following its polling cycle.
```

> !! This means that it's possible that devices which joined the group after the deployment started, get updated as part of the first phase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!! This means it is possible that devices which joined the group after the deployment started, get updated as part of the first phase.
```

Example.
``` 

> Dynamic group has 100 devices during the creation of the deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A dynamic group has 100 devices during the creation of the deployment.
```
